---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "flintlock_vms Data Source - terraform-provider-flintlock"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source representing the managed Firecracker microVMs
---

# flintlock_vms (Data Source)

Data source representing the managed Firecracker microVMs



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `vms` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms))

<a id="nestedatt--vms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms`

Read-Only:

- `spec` (Attributes Map) Spec is the specification of the microvm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec))
- `status` (Attributes Map) Status is the runtime status of the microvm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--status))

<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec`

Read-Only:

- `additional_volumes` (Attributes List) AdditionalVolumes specifies the volumes to be attached to the microvm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec--additional_volumes))
- `id` (String) ID is the identifier of the microvm. If empty at creation time a ID will be automatically generated.
- `initrd` (Attributes Map) Initrd is the optional details of the initial ramdisk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec--initrd))
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) Interfaces specifies the network interfaces to be attached to the microvm. Device names on the guest machine are determined by the order defined in the list starting from eth1, eth2, ..., ethN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec--interfaces))
- `kernel` (Attributes Map) Kernel is the details of the kernel to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec--kernel))
- `label` (Map of String) Labels allows you to include extra data for the microvms.
- `memory_in_mb` (Number) MemoryInMb is the amount of memory in megabytes that the machine will be allocated.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the name of the namespace the microvm belongs to.
- `root_volume` (Attributes Map) RootVolume specifies the root volume mount for the MicroVM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec--root_volume))
- `vcpu` (Number) VCPU specifies how many vcpu the machine will be allocated.

<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec--additional_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec.additional_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID is the unique identifier of the volume.
- `is_read_only` (Boolean) IsReadOnly specifies that the volume is to be mounted readonly.
- `mount_point` (String) MountPoint allows you to optionally specify a mount point for the volume. This only applied to additional volumes and it will use cloud-init to mount the volumes.
- `partition_id` (String) PartitionID is the uuid of the boot partition.
- `size_in_mb` (Number) SizeInMB is the size to resize this volume to.
- `source` (Attributes Map) Source is where the volume will be sourced from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec--additional_volumes--source))

<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec--additional_volumes--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec.additional_volumes.source`

Read-Only:

- `container_source` (String) Container is used to specify a source of a volume as a OCI container.



<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec--initrd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec.initrd`

Read-Only:

- `filename` (String) Filename is used to specify the name of the kernel file in the Image. Defaults to initrd
- `image` (String) Image is the container image to use.


<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec.interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `address` (Attributes Map) Address is an optional static IP address to manually assign to this interface. If not supplied then DHCP will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec--interfaces--address))
- `device_id` (String) DeviceID is the ID of the interface. There is no relation between the ID and the name of the interface device on the quest machine.
- `guest_mac` (String) GuestMAC allows the specifying of a specific MAC address to use for the interface. If not supplied a autogenerated MAC address will be used.
- `overrides` (Attributes Map) Overrides is optional overrides applicable for network configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec--interfaces--overrides))
- `type` (String) IfaceType specifies the type of network interface to create for use by the guest.

<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec--interfaces--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec.interfaces.address`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Address is the static IP address (IPv4 or IPv6) to assign to this interface. Must be CIDR notation.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway is used to optionaly set the default gateway for IPv4 or IPv6.
- `nameservers` (List of String) Nameservers allows you to optionally specify nameservers for the interface.


<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec--interfaces--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec.interfaces.overrides`

Read-Only:

- `bridge_name` (String) BridgeName is the name of the Linux bridge to attach TAP devices to. This overrides any value set at the overall flintlock level.



<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec--kernel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec.kernel`

Read-Only:

- `add_network_config` (Boolean) AddNetworkConfig if set to true indicates that the network-config kernel argument should be generated.
- `cmdline` (Map of String) Cmdline is the additional kernel command line args. Each provider has its own recommended list, they will be used automatically. This field is for additional values.
- `filename` (String) Filename is used to specify the name of the kernel file in the Image.
- `image` (String) Image is the container image to use.


<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec--root_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec.root_volume`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID is the unique identifier of the volume.
- `is_read_only` (Boolean) IsReadOnly specifies that the volume is to be mounted readonly.
- `mount_point` (String) MountPoint allows you to optionally specify a mount point for the volume. This only applied to additional volumes and it will use cloud-init to mount the volumes.
- `partition_id` (String) PartitionID is the uuid of the boot partition.
- `size_in_mb` (Number) SizeInMB is the size to resize this volume to.
- `source` (Attributes Map) Source is where the volume will be sourced from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--spec--root_volume--source))

<a id="nestedatt--vms--spec--root_volume--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.spec.root_volume.source`

Read-Only:

- `container_source` (String) Container is used to specify a source of a volume as a OCI container.




<a id="nestedatt--vms--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.status`

Read-Only:

- `initrd_mount` (Attributes Map) InitrdMount holds the status of the initrd mount point. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--status--initrd_mount))
- `kernel_mount` (Attributes Map) KernelMount holds the status of the kernel mount point. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--status--kernel_mount))
- `network_interfaces` (Map of Object) NetworkInterfaces holds the status of the network interfaces. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--status--network_interfaces))
- `retry` (Number) Retry is a counter about how many times we retried to reconcile.
- `state` (String) State stores information about the last known state of the vm and the spec.
- `volumes` (Map of Object) Volumes holds the status of the volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vms--status--volumes))

<a id="nestedatt--vms--status--initrd_mount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.status.initrd_mount`

Read-Only:

- `source` (String) Source is the location of the mounted volume.
- `type` (String) Type specifies the type of the mount (e.g. device or directory).


<a id="nestedatt--vms--status--kernel_mount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.status.kernel_mount`

Read-Only:

- `source` (String) Source is the location of the mounted volume.
- `type` (String) Type specifies the type of the mount (e.g. device or directory).


<a id="nestedatt--vms--status--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.status.network_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `address` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--vms--status--network_interfaces--address))
- `device_id` (String)
- `guest_mac` (String)
- `overrides` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--vms--status--network_interfaces--overrides))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--vms--status--network_interfaces--address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.status.network_interfaces.address`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String)
- `gateway` (String)
- `nameservers` (List of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--vms--status--network_interfaces--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.status.network_interfaces.overrides`

Read-Only:

- `bridge_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--vms--status--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.status.volumes`

Read-Only:

- `mount` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--vms--status--volumes--mount))

<a id="nestedobjatt--vms--status--volumes--mount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vms.status.volumes.mount`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)
